[13.0][ADD] maintenance_timesheet_time_control: New module (#269)
OCA/maintenance: maintenance_timesheet_time_control/README.rst

   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fmaintenance-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/maintenance/tree/13.0/maintenance_timesheet_time_control
    :alt: OCA/maintenance
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/maintenance-13-0/maintenance-13-0-maintenance_timesheet_time_control
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/240/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

> Allow to track the exact moment when a timesheet line is started (not only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It allows to track the exact moment when a timesheet line is started (not only
```

the day, but also the minute and second) and let users start and stop timers
easily.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Installation
============

> This module auto installs when ``maintenance_timesheet`` and ``project_timesheet_time_control`` are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module is auto-installed when ``maintenance_timesheet`` and ``project_timesheet_time_control`` are
```
